Add readme file for this repo to detail setup instructions (#86)
WordPress/five-for-the-future: readme.md

# Five for the Future

Plugins and themes for the Five for the Future subsite: https://wordpress.org/five-for-the-future/

## Contributing

In order to contribute with code changes, you'll want to set up a local environment to test changes and then push the changes to a Pull Request on this Github Repository.

### Initial environment setup

1) Use whichever local WordPress development setup you prefer and create a new local WP site.
2) Find the `wp-content` folder and delete it (make a backup if you have data you don't want to lose data you already have there).
3) Fork the [five-for-the-future](https://github.com/WordPress/five-for-the-future) repository under your own Github account.

> 4) Run `git clone git@github.com:WordPress/five-for-the-future.git wp-content`. Replace `WordPress/` with your Github `USERNAME/` to clone your newly forked repo instead.

Reviewer: Maybe this, so that folks who just copy-paste don't accidentally clone the wrong repo?
```suggestion
4) Run `git clone git@github.com:[your username]/five-for-the-future.git wp-content`, replacing `[your username]` with your github username to clone your forked repo.
```

5) Ensure this newly cloned `wp-content` folder is where it should be in the WP structure.
6) Copy over the base theme with: `svn export https://meta.svn.wordpress.org/sites/trunk/wordpress.org/public_html/wp-content/themes/pub/wporg themes/pub/wporg` (this should be run from the `wp-content` folder).

### Configuring the site

1) Login to your site and activate the "Five for the Future" theme and plugin.

> 2) Navigate to `wp-content/themes/pub/wporg` from your CLI and run: `npm install && grunt default`

Reviewer: Do we need this step? (I don't remember doing it, but I set things up differently)

Author: Oh, guess not! The parent theme uses `get_theme_file_uri()` to enqueue `css/style.css` so there is indeed no need to build it in the parent since only the child's is used.

3) Set the Primary Menu at Appearance > Menu.
4) Set "About" as the static home page at Settings > Reading. 
5) Add new Pledges on the "Add New Pledge" page. Note that you'll need to use valid WP usernames on your install.
	- 5.1) Set the new entry to Published in the Five For the Future > Pledges admin area.
	- 5.2) Find the "Sending email" log entry in the pledge admin and copy/paste the link in a new tab to confirm the email.
	- 5.3) Go to the Five For the Future > Contributors page and publish the post(s) via quick edit.
	- 5.4) Your new pledge should appear on the `/pledges/` pages now.

### Running build scripts and tests 

If you making changes to the theme's CSS, you can run `npm start` at `/wp-content/themes/wporg-5ftf` to watch for CSS changes and automatically compile.

If you are making changes to the plugins, you can run `composer install` at `/wp-content/plugins/wporg-5ftf` and then `composer run test` to run the WP unit tests.

And lastly, you can run PHPCS for both the theme and the plugin at the root `/wp-content/` folder by running `composer install` there once, followed by `composer run phpcs` when you want to code scan. 

### Submitting Pull Requests

> The first thing you'll want to do before changing any code is create a new branch based on the production/master branch. Then you can commit your code changes locally and push this new branch to your forked repository on Github. Then visit the [official repository](https://github.com/WordPress/five-for-the-future/) and you should see the option to open up a Pull Request based on the recently pushed branch on your fork.

Reviewer: Let's just call the branch `production`, since that is the name of the branch itself, and using "production/master" might be confusing if folks try to look for `master`. So like "… create a new branch based on the `production` branch."
